you
patna what I do in death echo is an
eternity you are oblivious now you're
mine in total one you can live during
templar assassin even if she has
refraction instances up you will gain
life but she won't lose any until all
refraction charges have been burned in
dota 2 you won't start draining life
until the refraction charges have been
burned then you can start gaining life
and she will begin losing life
tinkers heat-seeking missiles will hit a
banished unit in dota 1 however it won't
deal any damage to it you can also cast
decrepit eye on yourself after the
missile is in route to avoid the damage
but in DotA 2 a banished unit isn't even
considered a valid target for missiles
resulting in the Rockets either fizzing
out or hitting other nearby enemy heroes
additionally if you use decrepit AI
after the missile has been launched you
actually do take damage and it's
amplified by decrepit AI in DotA 1 Life
Drain has a cast range of 850 and a
channeling range of 1100 while this is
also supposed to be 850 and 1100
respectively in DotA 2 the cast range is
actually the same as the channeling
range which is still 1100 you won't get
zapped by pugna's nether Ward in DotA 1
when you use storm spirits ball
lightning you're actually invulnerable
during the state in DotA 2 you will get
zapped for each initial activation of
ball lightning which is 15 plus 7% of
his total mana pool so regardless of how
far you travel pugna only damages you
for that initial calls and not for the
mana used for travelling
in DotA one you cannot target a decrepit
ID unit with Naga sirens and snare also
if you aren't snared you can actually
use the Kripa fight to remove the net
and move freely once again on the
flipside in dota 2 you can target a
decrepit eyed unit with and snare and
you can no longer use the kirpa fight to
free yourself from the net you can
decrepit itis guards frozen sigil in
dota 1 however you can't do this in dota
2 in DotA 1 magic immunity does not
block the negative mana regeneration
from nether Ward in DotA 2 while your
magic immune you will block that
negative mana regeneration and finally
in DotA 1 pugna can use specific orb
effect like Maelstrom or Desolator to
attack units while they are decrepit
eyed this is limited only to pugna since
he actually has a secondary hidden
magical attack which gets enabled when
he carries these orb effect this was
something that couldn't be fixed with
the warcraft 3 engine so now in dota 2
this has been intentionally changed in
pugna can no longer attack decrepit
fight heroes with an orb